what is HTTP?
   HTTP stands for `Hypertext Transfer Protocol` and is used to structure requests and responses over the internet. HTTP requires `data` to be transferred from one point to another over the network.
What is an HTTP request?
   1. A HTTP request is a text string generated by the client and sent to the server containing the specifications of the resource the client is asking for. 
   2. A resource is anything that can accessed via the web. 
   3. The HTTP request communicates `which resource` a client wants to interact with and `how the client wants to interact with it`, along with some metadata held in the header related to the request.
   4. By using `URL` that is sent along with request, Client will communicate with perticular `resource`.

 types of request::
 ------------------

   HTTP defines a set of request methods to indicate the desired action to be performed for a given resource. these request methods are sometimes referred to as `HTTP verbs`.

   90% of time we will use only `GET` And `POST` requests.

   1. GET
         The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using  GET should only `retrieve data`.

   2. POST
       The POST method is used to `send data `to a server to `create/update` a resource.

   3. PUT
       PUT is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.

   4. HEAd
      HEAD is almost identical to GET, but without the response body.

   5. DELETE
      The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.

   6. CONNECT
      The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.
   
   7. OPTIONS
       The OPTIONS method is used to describe the communication options for the target resource.

   8. TRACE
      The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.
   
   9. PATCH

      The PATCH method is used to apply partial modifications to a resource.
 



